Name: Bulbasaur Fushigidane ( フシギダネ ) ( 0001 )
Types: Grass / Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Ivysaur (#0002)
Notes: It is one of Kanto's starter Pokémon. It has a bulb on its back, which
stores nutrients. Since the bulb can photosynthesize, Bulbasaur can go days
without eating. As with the rest of its evolutionary line, its bulb has vines
the Pokémon uses as tentacles.
Name: Ivysaur Fushigisō ( フシギソウ ) ( 0002 )
Types: Grass / Poison
Evolves From: Bulbasaur (#0001)
Evolves Into: Venusaur (#0003)
Notes: It is a playable character in Super Smash Bros. Brawl and Super Smash
Bros. Ultimate as a part of the "Pokémon Trainer" fighter. Its bulb has grown
into a bud, which it uses to convert sunlight into power. The bud is heavy, to
the point of rendering Ivysaur unable to move properly if it has stored enough
nutrients, so its hind legs have grown stronger to counter the weight.
Name: Venusaur Fushigibana ( フシギバナ ) ( 0003 )
Types: Grass / Poison
Evolves From: Ivysaur (#0002)
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution Gigantamax
Notes: It is the mascot of Pokémon Green and LeafGreen . [ 15 ] The bud on its
back has bloomed into a flower. It has a soothing aroma, and converts sunlight
into energy. For this reason, Venusaur is more powerful during the summer. It
gained a Mega Evolution in generation VI, and a Gigantamax form in generation
VIII.
Name: Charmander Hitokage ( ヒトカゲ ) ( 0004 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Charmeleon (#0005)
Notes: It is one of Kanto's starter Pokémon. From the moment it hatches, there
is a flame at the tip of its tail. Still unfamiliar with fire, a Charmander
might accidentally burn itself. If its flame goes out, it dies.
Name: Charmeleon Rizādo ( リザード ) ( 0005 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: Charmander (#0004)
Evolves Into: Charizard (#0006)
Notes: A feisty Pokémon, it seeks out potential opponents and torments them in
battle. It attacks by spewing fire from its mouth, swinging its tail around, or
clawing away. Its fire turns bluish-white when it is excited.
Name: Charizard Rizādon ( リザードン ) ( 0006 )
Types: Fire / Flying
Evolves From: Charmeleon (#0005)
Evolves Into: Two Mega Evolutions Gigantamax
Notes: It is a playable character as a part of the "Pokémon Trainer" fighter in
Super Smash Bros. Brawl and Super Smash Bros. Ultimate , a standalone fighter in
Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U , and the mascot of Pokémon Red and
FireRed . Its fire is hot enough to melt boulders and glaciers, and it is known
to start forest fires by accident, though it will not use it against weaker
foes. The flame on its tail can burn underwater, and turns bluish-white if
Charizard is angry. It gained two Mega Evolutions in generation VI, one
Fire/Flying-type and one Fire/Dragon-type, and a Gigantamax form in generation
VIII.
Name: Squirtle Zenigame ( ゼニガメ ) ( 0007 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Wartortle (#0008)
Notes: It is a playable character in Super Smash Bros. Brawl and Super Smash
Bros. Ultimate as a part of the "Pokémon Trainer" fighter, and one of Kanto's
starter Pokémon. [ 16 ] After it hatches, its back gradually swells and hardens
into a shell. It withdraws into its shell for protection or to sleep, and its
grooved, rounded shape reduce its water resistance, allowing it to swim faster.
To attack, it sprays foamy water from its mouth.
Name: Wartortle Kamēru ( カメール ) ( 0008 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: Squirtle (#0007)
Evolves Into: Blastoise (#0009)
Notes: Because it is bigger and heavier than Squirtle, it has trouble walking,
and has to use its furry ears and tail as rudders and balancing rods to swim. It
withdraws into its shell to attack, defend itself, and sleep, though it cannot
fully withdraw its tail. It is said to be able to live for up to 10,000 years.
Older Wartortle have darker tail fur, and may have scars and algae on their
shells.
Name: Blastoise Kamekkusu ( カメックス ) ( 0009 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: Wartortle (#0008)
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] Gigantamax
Notes: It is the mascot of Pokémon Blue . [ 20 ] The two cannons on its shell
shoot out pressurized jets of water strong enough to shatter thick steel walls,
and accurate enough to hit empty cans from over 160 feet away. Blastoise itself
can tackle at high speeds. A cruel Pokémon, it deliberately makes itself heavier
to withstand its cannons' recoil and crush its opponents. It gained a Mega
Evolution in generation VI and a Gigantamax form in generation VIII. A Blastoise
trading card, which was originally made as a test print before the commercial
English cards, was sold for $360,000 in 2021. [ 21 ]
Name: Caterpie Kyatapī ( キャタピー ) ( 0010 )
Types: Bug
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Metapod (#0011)
Notes: Its feet have suction pads that allow it to climb slopes, walls, and
trees. To protect itself, it releases a stench from its antennae. It camouflages
itself in piles of leaves, or tries to scare predators with the eye patterns on
its body. Across its life, it eats hundreds of leaves, some bigger than itself.
When nearing evolution, it sheds its skin, covers itself with silk, and becomes
a cocoon.
Name: Metapod Toranseru ( トランセル ) ( 0011 )
Types: Bug
Evolves From: Caterpie (#0010)
Evolves Into: Butterfree (#0012)
Notes: Though hard, Metapod's shell is said to be easy to break open, so it
hardens it further when threatened to avoid spilling its thick, liquid innards.
It waits for evolution while its cells restructure. Ume Aoki , a Japanese
cartoonist who is famous for her work on the manga Hidamari Sketch and the anime
Puella Magi Madoka Magica , utils a likeness of herself cosplaying as a Metapod
in her drawn works. [ 22 ]
Name: Butterfree Batafurī ( バタフリー ) ( 0012 )
Types: Bug / Flying
Evolves From: Metapod (#0011)
Evolves Into: Gigantamax
Notes: Its wings are covered in poisonous, water-repelling powder, which it uses
to defend itself and fly in the rain. It goes from flower to flower to collect
nectar, and rubs honey onto the hairs of its legs to carry back to its nest. It
spreads its scales around to defend nearby Caterpie from predators. It competes
with Cutiefly for territory. It gained a Gigantamax form in generation VIII.
Name: Weedle Bīdoru ( ビードル ) ( 0013 )
Types: Bug / Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Kakuna (#0014)
Notes: A common sight in forests and grassy areas, it has a two-inch poisonous
stinger on its head, which it uses to defend itself. It has an acute sense of
smell, being able to distinguish leaves it likes from those it dislikes with its
big nose. It eats its weight in leaves every day.
Name: Kakuna Kokūn ( コクーン ) ( 0014 )
Types: Bug / Poison
Evolves From: Weedle (#0013)
Evolves Into: Beedrill (#0015)
Notes: Kakuna remains immobile, but can stick out its stinger in self-defense.
The process of its cells' rearrangement raises its body temperature to the point
of making it hot to the touch.
Name: Beedrill Supiā ( スピアー ) ( 0015 )
Types: Bug / Poison
Evolves From: Kakuna (#0014)
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution
Notes: Swarms of Beedrill set their nest in forests, and attack anything that
goes near. It uses its three poisonous stingers to defeat its prey and carry
them home. It gained a Mega Evolution in generation VI.
Name: Pidgey Poppo ( ポッポ ) ( 0016 )
Types: Normal / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Pidgeotto (#0017)
Notes: A common and docile Pokémon, it prefers using flapping up sand in
opponents' eyes over fighting. Its sense of direction allows it to return home
from however far it may be.
Name: Pidgeotto Pijon ( ピジョン ) ( 0017 )
Types: Normal / Flying
Evolves From: Pidgey (#0016)
Evolves Into: Pidgeot (#0018)
Notes: A territorial species, it will peck and claw at its opponents. It uses
its claws to carry prey like Exeggcute for over 60 miles. It flies in circles,
keeping a lookout for prey.
Name: Pidgeot Pijotto ( ピジョット ) ( 0018 )
Types: Normal / Flying
Evolves From: Pidgeotto (#0017)
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution
Notes: Its wings are strong enough to fly at Mach 2 speed, whip up windstorms
strong enough to bend trees, and fly up to 3,300 feet over the air. It skims
over the water to hunt for unsuspecting fish Pokémon like Magikarp. Its glossy
feathers make it a popular pick among trainers. It gained a Mega Evolution in
generation VI.
Name: Rattata Koratta ( コラッタ ) ( 0019 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Raticate (#0020)
Notes: It will procreate and form nests anywhere that has enough food; each nest
contains at least 40 Rattata. The colony spends entire days scavenging for food.
A cautious species, it constantly listens around by moving its ears. Its incisor
teeth do not stop growing, so it gnaws on hard objects, like table legs and door
frames, to keep them ground down. Due to their commonness and habits of stealing
food and gnawing on structures, it and Raticate are considered invasive species.
Rattata has a Dark/Normal-type Alolan form .
Name: Raticate Ratta ( ラッタ ) ( 0020 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: Rattata (#0019)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It uses its whiskers to maintain balance, and slows down if they are cut
off. Its webbed hind feet act as flippers, allowing it to swim in rivers to hunt
or escape from opponents. To keep its teeth ground down, it chews on anything,
from machinery to concrete. Like Rattata, Raticate has a Dark/Normal-type Alolan
form .
Name: Spearow Onisuzume ( オニスズメ ) ( 0021 )
Types: Normal / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Fearow (#0022)
Notes: It can fly quickly, but is not adept at it. Its cries can be heard from a
mile away, and it uses them to communicate with other Spearow. It flies around
warmer climates, looking for bug Pokémon to eat.
Name: Fearow Onidoriru ( オニドリル ) ( 0022 )
Types: Normal / Flying
Evolves From: Spearow (#0021)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Drawings resembling Fearow can be seen ancient murals, implying that it
has not evolved since ancient days. Its stamina lets it fly for an entire day,
and its long neck and beak are convenient for plucking bug and fish Pokémon.
Name: Ekans Ābo ( アーボ ) ( 0023 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Arbok (#0024)
Notes: It uses its tongue to detect its surroundings and look for the scent for
its prey. It wraps itself around trees to rest at night. If no trees are
available, it coils to be able to respond from any given direction. It preys on
bird Pokémon and their eggs and can stretch its jaw to swallow them whole, but
eating something too big can leave it too heavy to move.
Name: Arbok Ābokku ( アーボック ) ( 0024 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: Ekans (#0023)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: The pattern under its head is similar to a face, and differs by region.
Research has shown over 20 different patterns. Its coiling is strong enough to
flatten oil drums, and its fangs are used to inject poison into its prey. It can
use its pattern or hiss to intimidate opponents. If any part of its body besides
its head is cut off, the rest of its body can grow back in weeks. It preys on
smaller Pokémon like Wooper, or eggs of bird Pokémon like Pidgey and Spearow.
Name: Pikachu Pikachū ( ピカチュウ ) ( 0025 )
Types: Electric
Evolves From: Pichu (#0172)
Evolves Into: Raichu (#0026) Gigantamax
Notes: Pikachu is the primary mascot of the Pokémon franchise, as well as
Pokémon Yellow and Let's Go, Pikachu! . It is also playable in every Super Smash
Bros. game. It raises its tail to check its surroundings, but may be struck by a
lightning bolt in this position. It gathers electricity from the atmosphere, and
uses it to roast berries, communicate with other Electric-type Pokémon, and
attack its opponents. Groups of Pikachu having their tails raised can
inadvertedly cause lightning storms. Cramorant often swallow Pikachu by
accident.
Name: Raichu Raichū ( ライチュウ ) ( 0026 )
Types: Electric
Evolves From: Pikachu (#0025)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Its tail can be used as a lightning rod to gather electricity, or as a
ground to protect itself. It can store and eject up to 100,000 volts, enough to
knock out a Copperajah . To avoid physically straining itself, it will discharge
excess electricity into the ground, leaving its surroundings burned. Because it
evolves via a stone and Pikachu is more popular, Raichu are rarely seen. It has
an Electric/Psychic-type Alolan form . Both forms of Raichu were created by
Atsuko Nishida . [ 23 ]
Name: Sandshrew Sando ( サンド ) ( 0027 )
Types: Ground
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Sandslash (#0028)
Notes: Based on the Chinese pangolin , Sandshrew is known to curl into a ball to
defend itself. It burrows nests into the ground, and only digs back up to look
for berries and hunt for bug Pokémon. Sandshrew has an Ice/Steel-type Alolan
form .
Name: Sandslash Sandopan ( サンドパン ) ( 0028 )
Types: Ground
Evolves From: Sandshrew (#0027)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It can curl into a spiky ball to roll around, attack opponents, and
protect itself from heatstroke or attacks. In addition to the spikes on its
back, it can use its claws to attack and slash berries for its young. Like
Sandshrew, it has an Ice/Steel-type Alolan form .
Name: Nidoran♀ Nidoran♀ ( ニドラン♀ ) ( 0029 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Nidorina (#0030)
Notes: Eggs from both Nidoran lines can contain Nidoran of either gender. It is
docile and unwilling to fight, but when encouraged, its horn and barbs can
secrete poison. It uses its whiskers to check the wind for predators, and its
incisors for chewing through berries.
Name: Nidorina Nidorīna ( ニドリーナ ) ( 0030 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: Nidoran♀ (#0029)
Evolves Into: Nidoqueen (#0031)
Notes: Its horn grows slowly and it does not like fighting, but when forced to
do so, it tends to resort to clawing and biting opponents. It lives in groups
with others of its evolutionary line, and chews food for its young.
Name: Nidoqueen Nidokuin ( ニドクイン ) ( 0031 )
Types: Poison / Ground
Evolves From: Nidorina (#0030)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It is more defensively focused than its male counterpart, Nidoking. It
can poison prey with its spikes, cause tremors, or knock opponents flying with
tackles. It is protective of its children, carrying them in the gaps between its
spines, and sealing its burrow. While around its young, its spikes do not
secrete poison. Despite Pokédex and anime descriptions, it and Nidorina cannot
breed, though Nidoran♀ can. [ 24 ]
Name: Nidoran♂ Nidoran♂ ( ニドラン♂ ) ( 0032 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Nidorino (#0033)
Notes: It flaps its ears around to detect potential opponents' footsteps. It
injects poison into its prey with its horn. It lives with its female equivalent,
and may risk its life to protect its female counterpart.
Name: Nidorino Nidorīno ( ニドリーノ ) ( 0033 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: Nidoran♂ (#0032)
Evolves Into: Nidoking (#0034)
Notes: Its horn and the spikes around its body are laced with poison, and its
horn is harder than diamond. It uses its horn to break rocks to find Moon
Stones, which it uses to evolve.
Name: Nidoking Nidokingu ( ニドキング ) ( 0034 )
Types: Poison / Ground
Evolves From: Nidorino (#0033)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It is more offensively-focused than its female counterpart, Nidoqueen.
Its tail can topple transmission towers and crush its opponents' bones, its horn
can crush diamonds, and its hide is as hard as steel. If it begins to rampage,
only a Nidoqueen it has lived with for a long time can calm it down.
Name: Clefairy Pippi ( ピッピ ) ( 0035 )
Types: Fairy [ nb 3 ]
Evolves From: Cleffa (#0173)
Evolves Into: Clefable (#0036)
Notes: Timid creatures, they rarely come out, only appearing in groups to dance
under a full moon. While dancing, the nearby area is enveloped in a magnetic
field.
Name: Clefable Pikushī ( ピクシー ) ( 0036 )
Types: Fairy [ nb 3 ]
Evolves From: Clefairy (#0035)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It and Clefairy are said to have come from the moon, and spend full moon
nights staring at it. Its hearing is acute, being able to hear pin drops from up
to 1,100 yards away, so it lives in quiet mountainous areas. Its steps are light
and floaty enough to allow it to walk on water.
Name: Vulpix Rokon ( ロコン ) ( 0037 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Ninetales (#0038)
Notes: When it is born, it has one white tail that sprouts into 6 curled ones at
the tip as it gets older. It can freely control fire, creating will-o-wisps that
are commonly mistaken for ghosts. Before it evolves, its tails glow hotter than
usual. If not properly groomed, its tails will tangle up. If raised young, it
will follow its trainer like a puppy. It has an Ice-type Alolan form . It has
been selected as an "ambassador" for Hokkaido , [ 25 ] [ 26 ] and it and its
Alolan form have been featured in the livery of an Air Do Boeing 767 aircraft. [
27 ]
Name: Ninetales Kyūkon ( キュウコン ) ( 0038 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: Vulpix (#0037)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Its design is inspired by the nine-tailed fox of East Asian myth. [ 28 ]
It can understand human speech, use its psychic power to control minds, and
curse anyone who mistreats it. According to legends, nine saints reincarnated as
Ninetales, and each of its tails has a different ability. It has an Ice/Fairytype
Alolan form .
Name: Jigglypuff Purin ( プリン ) ( 0039 )
Types: Normal / Fairy [ nb 3 ]
Evolves From: Igglybuff (#0174)
Evolves Into: Wigglytuff (#0040)
Notes: It is a playable character in every Super Smash Bros. game. It can
inflate itself like a balloon to float around and it can sing. Its voice's
wavelength can match the brain waves of sleeping people and Pokémon, lulling
them to sleep. If the foe does not fall asleep, it can risk its life by singing
until it runs out of air. It also keeps singing if the foe does fall asleep.
Name: Wigglytuff Pukurin ( プクリン ) ( 0040 )
Types: Normal / Fairy [ nb 3 ]
Evolves From: Jigglypuff (#0039)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: By inhaling air, it can inflate itself to up to 20 times its size, and
float around. It does so to scare opponents away or compete with other
Wigglytuff.
Name: Zubat Zubatto ( ズバット ) ( 0041 )
Types: Poison / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Golbat (#0042)
Notes: Zubat has evolved to not have eyes or nostrils, so it uses echolocation
to find its way. It hides in dark places while the sun is out, as its skin is
sensitive to bright lights. Groups of Zubat will gather around in the cold to
heat each other's bodies.
Name: Golbat Gorubatto ( ゴルバット ) ( 0042 )
Types: Poison / Flying
Evolves From: Zubat (#0041)
Evolves Into: Crobat (#0169)
Notes: Its fangs are hollow like straws. It uses them to stab through the hide
of its prey, but may break them when trying to bite a Steel-type Pokémon. It may
sometimes suck so much blood that its blood type changes to that of its prey,
and its weight leaves it unable to fly, making it easy prey.
Name: Oddish Nazonokusa ( ナゾノクサ ) ( 0043 )
Types: Grass / Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Gloom (#0044)
Notes: It buries itself in the soil to absorb the nutrients and to sleep during
the day. If pulled out, it starts screaming. A nocturnal Pokémon, it wanders
around to scatter seeds and absorb moonlight. It is one of the few species with
a scientific name ; "Oddium Wanderus."
Name: Gloom Kusaihana ( クサイハナ ) ( 0044 )
Types: Grass / Poison
Evolves From: Oddish (#0043)
Evolves Into: Vileplume (#0045) Bellossom (#0182)
Notes: Its leaves and the drool-like nectar on its mouth smell rancid enough to
cause fainting in a mile-wide radius, though some people enjoy the smell, and
some use it to produce perfume. It amplifies the odor when in danger, and stops
emitting it when safe.
Name: Vileplume Rafureshia ( ラフレシア ) ( 0045 )
Types: Grass / Poison
Evolves From: Gloom (#0044)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Vileplume's large petals can be shaken or forcibly bloomed to release
clouds of pollen that poison and paralyze anything near it, which it uses to
weaken its prey before eating it. Walking around causes it to spread pollen
around, turning the air around it yellow.
Name: Paras Parasu ( パラス ) ( 0046 )
Types: Bug / Grass
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Parasect (#0047)
Notes: Paras has tochukaso mushrooms growing on its back. They drain nutrients
from the host and control it into draining nutrients from trees. Their spores
can be used to make medicine. In Alola, those spores do not grow properly.
Name: Parasect Parasekuto ( パラセクト ) ( 0047 )
Types: Bug / Grass
Evolves From: Paras (#0046)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: The tochukaso mushrooms have completely drained the Paras's body of its
nutrients and taken it over. Groups of Parasect will gather around a tree, suck
the nutrients out of it, and move to the next tree when it dies. Its spores can
be made into medicine. Parasect in Alola are known to compete with Shiinotic,
and have lower-quality spores. The bug is mostly dead, so removing the mushroom
causes it to stop moving entirely.
Name: Venonat Konpan ( コンパン ) ( 0048 )
Types: Bug / Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Venomoth (#0049)
Notes: It uses its compounded eyes as a radar to locate prey in the dark, and
can shoot light beams from them. It hunts for small bug Pokémon at night.
Name: Venomoth Morufon ( モルフォン ) ( 0049 )
Types: Bug / Poison
Evolves From: Venonat (#0048)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Its wings have scales that leak venom when in contact with its opponent's
skin. Lighter scales can cause paralysis, and darker ones are poisonous. A
nocturnal Pokémon, it goes out at night to hunt for prey. It is attracted to
bright lights.
Name: Diglett Diguda ( ディグダ ) ( 0050 )
Types: Ground
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Dugtrio (#0051)
Notes: Some farmers like to use Diglett and Dugtrio to plough the soil for crops
to grow, and some consider them pests for eating crops. No one has ever seen the
full body of a Diglett. It has a Ground/Steel-type Alolan form .
Name: Dugtrio Dagutorio ( ダグトリオ ) ( 0051 )
Types: Ground
Evolves From: Diglett (#0050)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Dugtrio is a three-headed Diglett. It can burrow at a speed of 60 miles
per hour, and up to 60 miles underground. Like Diglett, no one has ever seen its
full body. Occasionally, they will fight over which head gets to eat first. Like
Diglett, Dugtrio has a Ground/Steel-type Alolan form .
Name: Meowth Nyāsu ( ニャース ) ( 0052 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Persian (#0053) [ nb 4 ] Gigantamax
Notes: One of the main members of Team Rocket in the Pokémon anime series.
Meowth withdraws its claws into its paws to sneak around without leaving
footsteps. It loves round and shiny objects, coins being its favorite toys,
which it will play with until it falls asleep. It sleeps during the daytime, and
patrols its territory during the night, looking for loose change. It tends to
fight with Murkrow over shiny objects. Giving coins to a Meowth can make it
friendlier, but no less fickle. Meowth has a Dark-type Alolan form, and a Steeltype
Galarian form , which evolves into Perrserker . It gained a Gigantamax form
in generation VIII. Meowth is a popular Pokémon among fans of the series,
primarily due to its role on the villainous organization Team Rocket . [ 29 ] [
30 ] [ 31 ] [ 32 ] It has widely been used in promotion for the series. [ 33 ] [
34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ]
Name: Persian Perushian ( ペルシアン ) ( 0053 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: Meowth (#0052)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Its fur and jewel make it popular with the rich, but its fickle, uncaring
attitude makes it hard to raise. Though it will attack anyone without
provocation, including its trainer, pulling on its whiskers will temporarily
make it docile. It has a Dark-type Alolan form , and a Galarian counterpart in
Perrserker , whose barbaric habits clash with both Persian's elegance and ego. A
Persian is owned by Team Rocket's leader Giovanni in the Pokémon anime series.
Name: Psyduck Kodakku ( コダック ) ( 0054 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Golduck (#0055)
Notes: It has constant headaches. When they worsen, normally inactive brain
cells activate, causing it to accidentally unleash psychic energy. It then
forgets that it used those powers.
Name: Golduck Gorudakku ( ゴルダック ) ( 0055 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: Psyduck (#0054)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It was almost hunted to extinction by hunters wanting the jewel on its
forehead, believing it would grant them supernatural powers. Its psychic
abilities are superior to Psyduck's. It swims effortlessly, even in rough,
stormy seas. It is known to rescue people from wrecked ships.
Name: Mankey Mankī ( マンキー ) ( 0056 )
Types: Fighting
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Primeape (#0057)
Notes: Nearly anything will anger it, and when it gets angry, it will
immediately attack, giving its opponent no time to flee. If it does flee or is
left alone, the loneliness will make it angrier. If one Mankey in a colony gets
mad, the rest will rampage with it.
Name: Primeape Okorizaru ( オコリザル ) ( 0057 )
Types: Fighting
Evolves From: Mankey (#0056)
Evolves Into: Annihilape (#0979)
Notes: Getting angry causes Primeape's blood to rush faster than usual,
tightening its body muscles, but making it dumber. Any form of stimuli will
anger it, even while it is asleep. It can get so angry that it dies as a result,
but looks peaceful in death.
Name: Growlithe Gādi ( ガーディ ) ( 0058 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Arcanine (#0059)
Notes: Growlithe are friendly, loyal, and have a strong sense of smell, making
them popular as guard and police dogs. Growlithe bones have been found in ruins
from the Stone Age, implying that humans have used them since then. It is based
on the Shisa . It has a Fire/Rock-type Hisuian form .
Name: Arcanine Uindi ( ウインディ ) ( 0059 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: Growlithe (#0058)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Arcanine is a fan-favorite Pokémon and has been described as having "the
mane of a lion... the stripes of a tiger [and] the speed of a panther". [ 37 ] [
38 ] [ 39 ] It has been admired since the past for its beauty. It runs agilely
as if on wings. Arcanine is known for its great speed, as it is said to be
capable of running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night. The fire that
blazes within Arcanine's body is its source of power. Legends tell of its
fighting alongside a general and conquering a whole country. There are so many
old tales about them that Arcanine is spoken of and categorized in the Pokédex
as the Legendary Pokémon, though it is a common wild Pokémon. Like Growlithe, it
has a Fire/Rock-type Hisuian form .
Name: Poliwag Nyoromo ( ニョロモ ) ( 0060 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Poliwhirl (#0061)
Notes: Due to its underdeveloped legs, it is not good at standing or walking, so
it prefers swimming, though its trainer should train it to walk every day.
Despite the danger, it wants to come up on land, so it does its best to waddle
along, but when an enemy finds it, it rushes back to the water. Poliwag's thin
skin leaves its spiraling innards visible. If the swirl is tinged white, that
means Poliwag is sick. Despite its thinness, its skin is flexible and slimy, so
even sharp fangs bounce off of it. The direction of its spiral tends to differ
by area. Poliwag experts can tell them apart at a glance. In rivers with fastflowing
water, it will cling to a rock by using its lips, which act like a
suction cup.
Name: Poliwhirl Nyorozo ( ニョロゾ ) ( 0061 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: Poliwag (#0060)
Evolves Into: Poliwrath (#0062) Politoed (#0186)
Notes: Poliwhirl is among the most-marketed Pokémon. [ 40 ] [ 41 ] It can live
in or out of the water, but prefers living in water where, it has fewer natural
enemies and more plentiful prey. When out of water, it constantly sweats so its
body is always wet and slick with an oily fluid. Because of this, it can easily
slip out of the clutches of its enemies. Its health suffers when its skin dries
out, so trainers have to keep it moist. It goes on land in search of bug
Pokémon, then takes them underwater so it can safely eat them. The spiral
pattern on its belly subtly moves, and staring at it for too long can lead
children and Pokémon to sleep.
Name: Poliwrath Nyorobon ( ニョロボン ) ( 0062 )
Types: Water / Fighting
Evolves From: Poliwhirl (#0061)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: A skilled swimmer, it can outswim professional athletes with ease, and
children imitate its movements to learn to swim. It is also skilled in martial
arts, and strong enough to punch boulders into dust. Despite being adapted to
life in water, it chooses to live in dry land.
Name: Abra Kēshii ( ケーシィ ) ( 0063 )
Types: Psychic
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Kadabra (#0064)
Notes: Even when sleeping, which Abra does for most of its life, it can sense
danger with its highly potent psychic power. When it is in danger, it will
teleport to safety. Its powers may be affected by what it is dreaming about.
Name: Kadabra Yungerā ( ユンゲラー ) ( 0064 )
Types: Psychic
Evolves From: Abra (#0063)
Evolves Into: Alakazam (#0065)
Notes: In November 2000, Israeli magician Uri Geller sued Nintendo, claiming
Kadabra embodies an unauthorized appropriation of his identity. [ 42 ] [ 43 ] [
44 ] However, in 2020, he released a claim that Nintendo could use Kadabra in
cards again. [ 45 ] Some Kadabra are theorized to have once been human children
who could not control their powers. Its psychic powers can cause clocks to run
backwards, or other devices to stop functioning.
Name: Alakazam Fūdin ( フーディン ) ( 0065 )
Types: Psychic
Evolves From: Kadabra (#0064)
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution
Notes: Its brain cells multiply infinitely with age, amplifying its psychic
powers and allowing it to remember everything since its hatching as an Abra. Its
muscles are weak, so it lifts its body with its psychic powers. It may give its
spoons to someone it trusts. It gained a Mega Evolution in generation VI.
Name: Machop Wanrikī ( ワンリキー ) ( 0066 )
Types: Fighting
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Machoke (#0067)
Notes: Machop's muscles never get sore. It trains itself by lifting Graveler.
Stronger, more confident Machop will compete with Makuhita .
Name: Machoke Gōrikī ( ゴーリキー ) ( 0067 )
Types: Fighting
Evolves From: Machop(#0066)
Evolves Into: Machamp (#0068)
Notes: Machoke is typically used for heavy lifting jobs due to its strength.Its
belt regulates its power, and it only removes it when faced with a particularly
powerful opponent.
Name: Machamp Kairikī ( カイリキー ) ( 0068 )
Types: Fighting
Evolves From: Machoke (#0067)
Evolves Into: Gigantamax
Notes: Machamp has four arms. It can throw around 500 punches in one second and
move mountains with one arm. It has poor reflexes and dexterity, with its arms
reacting faster than Machamp can think, and getting tangled up when doing
delicate tasks. As with Machoke, its belt regulates its power, with more
destructive consequences when removed. It gained a Gigantamax form in generation
VIII.
Name: Bellsprout Madatsubomi ( マダツボミ ) ( 0069 )
Types: Grass / Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Weepinbell (#0070)
Notes: It can plant itself into the ground to absorb moisture, but is unable to
move while rooted. It can spit acid from its mouth.
Name: Weepinbell Utsudon ( ウツドン ) ( 0070 )
Types: Grass / Poison
Evolves From: Bellsprout (#0069)
Evolves Into: Victreebel (#0071)
Notes: It has a hook on its rear-end that it hooks on trees with and sleeps, but
it may fall off if it moves around too much. If it cannot dissolve its prey with
acid, it will cut them with its sharp leaves.
Name: Victreebel Utsubotto ( ウツボット ) ( 0071 )
Types: Grass / Poison
Evolves From: Weepinbell (#0070)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Groups of Victreebel wait in temperate forests for unsuspecting prey to
walk into their mouths, mistaking their acid for nectar. The more prey it has
consumed, the sweeter its acid smells.
Name: Tentacool Menokurage ( メノクラゲ ) ( 0072 )
Types: Water / Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Tentacruel (#0073)
Notes: It is 99% composed of water, with the other 1% being an organ that
generates poison. If its tentacles are broken off, they can grow back quickly.
Its body shrivels up while outside of water, but its poison does not. Though it
is visually similar to Toedscool , the two species are not biologically related.
Name: Tentacruel Dokukurage ( ドククラゲ ) ( 0073 )
Types: Water / Poison
Evolves From: Tentacool (#0072)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Its 80 tentacles can grow back or shrink at will, and it uses them to
constrict its prey while immobilizing it with poison. While rare, Tentacruel
tend to hunt in groups. Though it is visually similar to Toedscruel , the two
species are not biologically related.
Name: Geodude Ishitsubute ( イシツブテ ) ( 0074 )
Types: Rock / Ground
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Graveler (#0075)
Notes: Geodude are proud of their hard bodies, showing them off or competing
with Roggenrola, Carbink, or other Geodude to see who is the hardest. Groups of
Geodude sit still in mountainous routes, so unsuspecting people often mistake
them for ordinary rocks. It has a Rock/Electric-type Alolan form .
Name: Graveler Gorōn ( ゴローン ) ( 0075 )
Types: Rock / Ground
Evolves From: Geodude (#0074)
Evolves Into: Golem (#0076)
Notes: It tumbles down mountains for transportation or fun, breaking most of
what it crashes into. It does not mind if pieces of itself fall or are scraped
off, as they can grow back. It has a Rock/Electric-type Alolan form .
Name: Golem Gorōnya ( ゴローニャ ) ( 0076 )
Types: Rock / Ground
Evolves From: Graveler (#0075)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It sheds its skin once a year to grow, which in turn crumbles into
nutritious soil. It can withdraw its head and limbs into its hollow shell to
roll around and down mountains, trampling whatever it passes through. To avoid
crushing property, people dig grooves into mountains to guide it. Older Golem
stop shedding and have moss growing on their shells. It has a Rock/Electric-type
Alolan form .
Name: Ponyta Ponīta ( ポニータ ) ( 0077 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Rapidash (#0078)
Notes: When born, it cannot stand properly and runs with its parents to
strengthen its legs. It can choose when its flames can burn people or not. It
has a Psychic-type Galarian form .
Name: Rapidash Gyaroppu ( ギャロップ ) ( 0078 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: Ponyta (#0077)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: As a popular Pokémon, Rapidash is considered "universally appealing" to
fans of cute and cool Pokémon alike. Both Ponyta and Rapidash can enable their
body's flames to be harmful or harmless as seen in the anime. [ 46 ] [ 47 ] [ 48
] [ 49 ] A competitive Pokémon, if it sees anything faster than it, such as a
car or another Pokémon, it will run at up to 150 mph to try to outrun it. At
that point, its hooves barely touch the ground. It can traverse all of Hisui in
a day and a half. The faster it goes, the longer its mane becomes. Otherwise, it
can be seen cantering in fields. It has a Psychic/Fairy-type Galarian form .
Name: Slowpoke Yadon ( ヤドン ) ( 0079 )
Types: Water / Psychic
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Slowbro (#0080) Slowking (#0199)
Notes: Slowpoke is dumb and lazy, to the point of taking up to five seconds to
process pain. It lives on the edges of bodies of water and uses its tail to fish
for prey, but may take a day to notice that its tail has already been bitten
off. Some cultures believe its yawns bring rain, and worship it. It evolves into
Slowbro when a Shellder bites its tail, or into Slowking when it bites its head.
It has a Psychic-type Galarian form .
Name: Slowbro Yadoran ( ヤドラン ) ( 0080 )
Types: Water / Psychic
Evolves From: Slowpoke (#0079)
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution
Notes: Slowpoke has fished up a Shellder with its tail, which shocked it into
evolving and made it stand on two legs. The Shellder has transformed into a
spiral-shaped shell to suck more sweet fluids from the Slowbro's tail. If the
Shellder were to detach itself from Slowbro in any way, it will devolve back to
Slowpoke. Being slow-witted to begin with, the Slowbro does not feel pain in its
tail because of Shellder's seeping poison. Since its tail has been bitten by
Shellder, it has to grudgingly swim for prey instead. Whenever Shellder bites
harder on its tail, it gives Slowbro a flash of inspiration, which it forgets a
moment later. It gained a Mega Evolution in generation VI. It has a
Poison/Psychic-type Galarian form .
Name: Magnemite Koiru ( コイル ) ( 0081 )
Types: Electric / Steel [ nb 5 ]
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Magneton (#0082)
Notes: The two magnets on its side are used for discharging attacks and
floating. It is attracted to electromagnetic waves from devices such as
Pokégears, and attaches itself to power breakers. Power outages not caused by
storms could be the result of a colony of Magnemite feeding on it. It becomes
incapable of flight if it out of electricity. The two magnets on its side are
powerful enough to draw in iron objects from up to 300 feet away, and get
stronger the faster they spin. Touching it while it is eating electricity will
give a full body shock. Its numbers have been decreasing because most modern
power lines are buried under the ground.
Name: Magneton Reakoiru ( レアコイル ) ( 0082 )
Types: Electric / Steel [ nb 5 ]
Evolves From: Magnemite (#0081)
Evolves Into: Magnezone (#0462)
Notes: Formed when several Magnemite fuse together, it tends to raise the
temperature up by 3.6 °F within 3,600 ft (1,100 m). It generates strange radio
signals. Groups of Magneton tend to gather where sun flares happen. Exposure to
one can cause earaches. Its magnetism is so powerful it dries up moisture in its
vicinity, and is potentially fatal to devices like TVs. As a result, large
cities have sirens to warn their citizens of Magneton appearances, and trainers
are warned to keep Magneton inside their Poké Balls. When it evolves, the
Magnemite's brains link up, though they do not become three times smarter. When
rain clouds form, they like to gather in high spots where lightning could
strike. Sandy Shocks appears to be an ancient relative of it.
Name: Farfetch'd Kamonegi ( カモネギ ) ( 0083 )
Types: Normal / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Sirfetch'd (#0878)
Notes: It is based on the Japanese saying "a duck comes bearing green onions",
which means something surprising but convenient. It is known for its leek, which
it uses as a weapon. It is a popular Pokémon in the Galar region, where it is
considered a symbol of the region. It has a Fighting-type Galarian form.
Name: Doduo Dōdō ( ドードー ) ( 0084 )
Types: Normal / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Dodrio (#0085)
Notes: Its short wings make flying difficult, so it has instead become a
powerful runner, being able to reach speeds of 60 mph. Both heads have identical
brains, though it is believed that some Doduo have different brains. It raises
and lowers its heads to maintain balance while running. One head will stay on
alert while the other sleeps.
Name: Dodrio Dōdorio ( ドードリオ ) ( 0085 )
Types: Normal / Flying
Evolves From: Doduo (#0084)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: The head with the thickest neck is deemed the leader, and has control
over the body. The three heads express joy, sorrow, and anger as they plan
strategies together. If they cannot agree on something to do or overthink their
plans, they will be unable to move. When two heads sleep, one head remains
awake. It has three hearts and six lungs, giving it increased endurance, so
while it is slower than Doduo, it can run for longer periods of time.
Name: Seel Pauwau ( パウワウ ) ( 0086 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Dewgong (#0087)
Notes: It loves swimming around in 14 °F waters. Its horn is hard enough to bash
its way through ice. It has a thick hide covered in warm fur. It goes in waters
up to -40 °F. Though not a great walker, it is a skilled swimmer. It closes its
nostrils when it swims. In the daytime, it can be found sleeping on the seabed
of shallow waters. Their presence in the Alolan climate is considered a mystery.
Name: Dewgong Jugon ( ジュゴン ) ( 0087 )
Types: Water / Ice
Evolves From: Seel (#0086)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Dewgong can store thermal energy in its body to withstand cold
temperatures. At night, it hunts for prey like Wishiwashi , and during the day,
it sleeps on ice or shallow water, or sunbathes on beaches. A fisherman once
mistook a Dewgong on an iceberg for a mermaid.
Name: Grimer Betobetā ( ベトベター ) ( 0088 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Muk (#0089)
Notes: Being mostly composed of poisonous filth, it can squeeze into sewage
pipes with ease. Grimer lived mostly in urban cities, factories, and lakes,
where it could find waste to consume, though environmental improvements have
caused its population to start dwindling. It has a Poison/Dark-type Alolan form
.
Name: Muk Betobeton ( ベトベトン ) ( 0089 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: Grimer (#0088)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It is based on the dorotabō, a one-eyed, three-fingered yōkai that rises
from the mud of neglected, overgrown rice fields. Muk is covered in a toxic
filthy sludge so vile that any land it walks through becomes inhospitable for up
to three years. A drop of its body fluid can turn a pool rancid or leave a
person bedridden for days. Its nose has devolved, so it cannot smell anything.
It feeds on anything repugnant and filthy, like sewer water. Its numbers have
started declining since people have begun cleaning up towns, and because some
people think it may go extinct, sludge pools are being built to prevent this.
Like Grimer, it has a Poison/Dark-type Alolan form .
Name: Shellder Sherudā ( シェルダー ) ( 0090 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Cloyster (#0091)
Notes: Tugging on its tongue, which is always sticking out, will startle it into
opening its shell. It opens and closes its shell in rapid succession to propel
itself backwards. Shellder have been known to seek out Slowpoke's tails,
inadvertently causing them to evolve into Slowbro. Biting its head will instead
cause it to evolve into Slowking. It and Cloyster are related to the Shellos
line.
Name: Cloyster Parushen ( パルシェン ) ( 0091 )
Types: Water / Ice
Evolves From: Shellder (#0090)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It normally keeps its shell closed unless it is attacking. It uses the
same projectile system — swallowing seawater and ejecting it from the front or
rear — to shoot its spikes and swim. Its internal anatomy has yet to be seen.
Name: Gastly Gōsu ( ゴース ) ( 0092 )
Types: Ghost / Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Haunter (#0093)
Notes: It hides under structures to stop the wind from blowing away its gaseous
body. It engulfs prey of any size with its gas, poisoning it through its skin or
suffocating it.
Name: Haunter Gōsuto ( ゴースト ) ( 0093 )
Types: Ghost / Poison
Evolves From: Gastly (#0092)
Evolves Into: Gengar (#0094)
Notes: Because of its ability to slip through walls, Haunter is said to be from
another dimension. It saps its victims' life by licking them with its cold,
gaseous tongue. Those licked by it grow weaker with each passing day, shaking
uncontrollably until they die. If one trips and falls for no apparent reason or
hear a sound when no one is around, it may be a Haunter. Because it fears the
light and revels in the dark, it may be on the verge of extinction in cities
that stay brightly lit at night. On moonless nights, Haunter searches for
someone to curse.
Name: Gengar Gengā ( ゲンガー ) ( 0094 )
Types: Ghost / Poison
Evolves From: Haunter (#0093)
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution Gigantamax Form
Notes: Gengar seeps into the shadows of people and Pokémon to scare them for fun
or eat their life force. A sudden chill of 10 °F or cooler may be a Gengar
trying to curse someone. Gengar will lurk in whatever dark corner of a room it
can find and wait for its chance to catch its prey. It likes to attack people in
mountains. Sometimes, Gengar will pose as people's shadows. It apparently wishes
for a traveling companion. Since it may have once been human, it tries to create
one by taking the lives of other humans. Initially created by Satoshi Tajiri and
Ken Sugimori , [ 50 ] [ 51 ] it has become one of the most popular Pokémon,
placing tenth on the Google Pokémon of the Year 2020 poll. [ 52 ] Kotaku' s Zack
Zwiezen said Gengar was "one of [their] favorite gen 1 designs", calling it a
"great design [because] it's simple, yet not boring or generic". [ 53 ] Gengar
has appeared in many Pokémon spin-offs or crossovers, including Pokkén
Tournament [ 54 ] and Pokémon Unite . [ 55 ] It gained a Mega Evolution in
generation VI and a Gigantamax form in generation VIII.
Name: Onix Iwāku ( イワーク ) ( 0095 )
Types: Rock / Ground
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Steelix (#0208)
Notes: It usually lives underground. As it grows, the stone portions of its body
harden to become similar to a diamond, but colored black. Despite its large body
being over 26 feet long, it can squirm its way through the ground at 50 mph. As
it digs through the ground, it eats hard objects, which makes its body more
solid. Diglett may use the tunnels it burrows as homes. Onix has a magnet in its
brain, which acts as a compass so that it does not lose direction while it is
tunneling. As it grows older, its body becomes increasingly rounder and
smoother. It evolves into Steelix when traded while holding a Metal Coat. [ 8 ]
[ 56 ] [ 57 ] [ 58 ] While its Defense and Speed are high, Onix' other values
are deceptively low, making it a relatively weak Rock-type choice compared to
Golem and Rhydon. [ 59 ]
Name: Drowzee Surīpu ( スリープ ) ( 0096 )
Types: Psychic
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Hypno (#0097)
Notes: Drowzee's design is based on the dream-eating tapir Baku . It puts people
to sleep with its hypnotism and eats their dreams through their noses. It can
get sick from eating nightmares. If one sleeps by it frequently, it might show
them dreams it ate in the past. If someone has forgotten their dreams, Drowzee
may have eaten them. It remembers every dream it has eaten, and rarely eats the
dreams of adults because children's are tastier.
Name: Hypno Surīpā ( スリーパー ) ( 0097 )
Types: Psychic
Evolves From: Drowzee (#0096)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Hypno's design is based on the dream-eating tapir Baku and a hypnotist .
Hypno holds a pendulum in its hand. [ 60 ] Allegedly, there once was an incident
in which it took away a child it hypnotized. [ 61 ] When hungry, it puts humans
it meets to sleep, then feasts on their dreams and carries away anyone having
good dreams. Hypno sometimes aid doctors in putting patients to sleep, but other
members of the species enjoy feasting on good dreams and kidnap those who have
them. [ 62 ] Since its inception, Hypno has been regarded for its dark
backstory, primarily its child-abducting tendencies. [ 61 ] Its humanoid design
has been cited as creepy, and a reason why its design was considered
unappealing. [ 63 ] Hypno's child abducting tendencies resulted in a popular
creepypasta , dubbed "Hypno's Lullaby" being created, which centered around a
song focusing on Hypno as a child thief . [ 63 ] [ 64 ] Hypno's Lullaby was
adapted into several playable adaptations, notably ROM hacks . [ 65 ] [ 66 ] [
67 ]
Name: Krabby Kurabu ( クラブ ) ( 0098 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Kingler (#0099)
Notes: Krabby and Kingler live near the edge of water, usually in beaches. It
can shroud its body in foam to look bigger than it is. If damaged or lost in
battle, its pincers grow back quickly, though it has trouble balancing without
them.
Name: Kingler Kingurā ( キングラー ) ( 0099 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: Krabby (#0098)
Evolves Into: Gigantamax
Notes: Its left claw has grown twice as big as its right, and is now strong
enough to break Cloyster shells open. However, swinging it can cause balancing
issues and tire it out. Kingler are said to communicate with each other by
waving their pincers around. It gained a Gigantamax form in generation VIII.
Name: Voltorb Biriridama ( ビリリダマ ) ( 0100 )
Types: Electric
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Electrode (#0101)
Notes: It is believed that Voltorb was created when a Poké Ball was hit with an
energy pulse. When agitated or tapped, it will explode. Sometimes, humans will
mistake a stray Voltorb for a Poké Ball, touch it, and get shocked or exploded.
It has an Electric/Grass-type Hisuian form .
Name: Electrode Marumain ( マルマイン ) ( 0101 )
Types: Electric
Evolves From: Voltorb (#0100)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Electrode resembles an upside-down Poké Ball, though its actual relation
to them has yet to be confirmed. Unlike Voltorb, it can control its explosions,
but will still explode at any time and for any reason. Groups of Electrode live
in power plants and eat their electricity, causing blackouts. Like Voltorb, it
has an Electric/Grass-type Hisuian form .
Name: Exeggcute Tamatama ( タマタマ ) ( 0102 )
Types: Grass / Psychic
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Exeggutor (#0103)
Notes: Though it may look like eggs, Exeggcute are actually clusters of seeds.
When cracks increasingly appear on the seeds, Exeggcute is close to evolution.
When disturbed, they quickly gather and attack in swarms. If one is separated
from the group, the six will quickly regroup with telepathy. Although they are
the same size as others, Alolan Exeggcute are heavier than others, as their
shells are packed full. They are often hunted by Pidgeotto and Crabrawler, but
uses psychokinesis to drive it off.
Name: Exeggutor Nasshī ( ナッシー ) ( 0103 )
Types: Grass / Psychic
Evolves From: Exeggcute (#0102)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It is a coconut tree -esque Pokémon based on the jinmenju , and the
favorite Pokémon of Tsunekazu Ishihara , president and CEO of The Pokémon
Company , having used it throughout the debugging phase of Pokémon Red and Green
. [ 68 ] Its three heads think independently of each other, and become unable to
act if they disagree on what to do. They communicate via telepathy. Sometimes,
one of the heads grows so big that it falls off and becomes an Exeggcute. Its
cries are noisy due to each head thinking about something else. Exeggutor are
friendly, and only engage their enemies with psychic power when they need to. It
has a Grass/Dragon-type Alolan form .
Name: Cubone Karakara ( カラカラ ) ( 0104 )
Types: Ground
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Marowak (#0105)
Notes: Cubone wears the skull of its deceased mother. Since it never removes
said skull, no one has ever seen Cubone's real face. The stains on the skull it
wears are made by the tears it sheds. When it thinks of its deceased mother, it
weeps loudly, and Mandibuzz that hear its cries will attack it from the air. Its
name is a combination of "cub" and "bone". [ 10 ]
Name: Marowak Garagara ( ガラガラ ) ( 0105 )
Types: Ground
Evolves From: Cubone (#0104)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: The bone it holds is its key weapon. It throws the bone like a boomerang
to knock out targets. Originally a Cubone, it overcame its mother's death and
became rough and aggressive. Some say that a Marowak graveyard exists somewhere
in the world. It carries out vengeance on its natural enemy, Mandibuzz, as it
throws bones to try to take it down. They thump their bones rhythmically to
communicate among themselves, with nearly 50 different rhythmic patterns. It has
a Ghost/Fire-type Alolan form .
Name: Hitmonlee Sawamurā ( サワムラー ) ( 0106 )
Types: Fighting
Evolves From: Tyrogue (#0236)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Hitmonlee's design is based on headless men . It may also be based on
Kabandha . Its English name is derived from actor and martial artist Bruce Lee ,
[ 10 ] while its Japanese name is derived from kickboxer Tadashi Sawamura . When
in a hurry, its legs strengthen progressively. Its balance lets it attack from
any stance. Some call it the "Kick Master". After a battle, it rubs down its
springy legs to overcome fatigue. Its legs can stretch to double its length.
Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan did not have a distinct evolutionary line until Tyrogue
and Hitmontop were conceived. Hitmonlee evolves from Tyrogue if it has higher
Attack than Defense.
Name: Hitmonchan Ebiwarā ( エビワラー ) ( 0107 )
Types: Fighting
Evolves From: Tyrogue (#0236)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Its English name is derived from actor and martial artist Jackie Chan , [
10 ] while its Japanese name is derived from boxer Hiroyuki Ebihara . It can
punch fast enough to slice air and hard enough to break rocks, though it needs
to rest for a couple minutes after doing so. It winds it arms to punch harder,
and punches in a corkscrew fashion. A Hitmonchan is said to possess the spirit
of a boxer who had been working towards a world championship. It evolves from
Tyrogue if it has higher Defense than Attack.
Name: Lickitung Beroringa ( ベロリンガ ) ( 0108 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Lickilicky (#0463)
Notes: Instead of its hands, it uses its long, prehensile tongue. It paralyzes
bug Pokémon by licking them, and eats them whole. If not immediately washed, its
licks can cause itchy rashes. Its tongue can stretch up to 6 inches, and when it
does, its tail quivers and contracts. It has nerves that run through its tongue,
so it can use it freely. It licks filthy things to clean them, but its saliva is
still smelly and grimy, so they do not end up much cleaner. Whenever Lickitung
comes across something new, it licks it to memorize the taste and texture of
that thing. When its saliva is boiled, it becomes a strong adhesive.
Name: Koffing Dogāsu ( ドガース ) ( 0109 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Weezing (#0110)
Notes: Koffing is based on air pollution and meteorites. It mixes its toxins
with the rotting trash it eats to make poisonous gases. Sometimes, it can overinflate
itself and explode.
Name: Weezing Matadogasu ( マタドガス ) ( 0110 )
Types: Poison
Evolves From: Koffing (#0109)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Said to form when two Koffing fuse. Weezing will nest in unkept,
unsanitary places, usually houses, and raid their trash. Its two heads have
different toxins, and it makes its poisonous gas stronger and smellier by
pushing it between said heads. It has a Poison/Fairy-type Galarian form .
Despite this, Kantonian Weezing were once a common sight in Galar, and produced
stronger gases than other regions' Weezing.
Name: Rhyhorn Saihōn ( サイホーン ) ( 0111 )
Types: Ground / Rock
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Rhydon (#0112)
Notes: Because it is not good at turning, Rhyhorn runs in a straight line,
destroying anything in its way. Though it can knock a block of steel down
without much care, its head may be sore the next day. Its massive bones are
1,000 times harder than those of humans, and it can easily send a trailer
flying. As a Pokémon with a one-track mind, when it starts running, it will not
stop until it falls asleep. Rhyhorn's brain is so small and dense that it
usually forgets why it may be running.
Name: Rhydon Saidon ( サイドン ) ( 0112 )
Types: Ground / Rock
Evolves From: Rhyhorn (#0111)
Evolves Into: Rhyperior (#0464)
Notes: Rhydon was the first Pokémon created by Game Freak. [ 69 ] Unlike
Rhyhorn, it is bipedal. Protected by an armor-like hide, it can survive in lava
over 3,600 °F (1,980 °C) and take direct hits from cannonballs. By rapidly
rotating its drill-like horn, it can punch holes through boulders and diamonds,
while one sweep of its tail can topple a building. Its brain developed when it
began walking on its hind legs.
Name: Chansey Rakkī ( ラッキー ) ( 0113 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: Happiny (#0440)
Evolves Into: Blissey (#0242)
Notes: The eggs it carries in its pouch can heal its eaters and make them
happier. For this reason, they are often employed in Pokémon Centers.
Name: Tangela Monjara ( モンジャラ ) ( 0114 )
Types: Grass
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Tangrowth (#0465)
Notes: Its whole body is covered with thick blue vines, concealing its identity.
It will tangle and get entangled with nearly anything. Tangela's vines snap off
painlessly and easily if they are grabbed, allowing it to escape. The lost vines
grow back the next day. The vines of a Tangela have a distinct scent, and in
some parts of Galar, are used as herbs.
Name: Kangaskhan Garūra ( ガルーラ ) ( 0115 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution
Notes: The female raises its young in its belly pouch for around three years,
and during this time, the baby rarely ventures out. The young leaves home once
it learns to find food, and its mother begins to miss it. To avoid crushing the
baby, it sleeps standing up. A young Kangaskhan playing on its own is not to be
disturbed or caught, as its mother will be supervising it. There are records of
a lost human child being raised by a childless Kangaskhan. They live in groups.
It gained a Mega Evolution in generation VI.
Name: Horsea Tattsū ( タッツー ) ( 0116 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Seadra (#0117)
Notes: Horsea and Seadra are based on seahorses . [ 70 ] It feeds on bug Pokémon
and moss. It can fire water from its mouth to attack foes in or out of water, or
ink to deter attackers. By spinning its body, it can create whirlpools.
Name: Seadra Shīdora ( シードラ ) ( 0117 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: Horsea (#0116)
Evolves Into: Kingdra (#0230)
Notes: It can swim in any direction by flapping its fins and tail. It creates
whirlpools to exhaust its prey, and eats it whole. Male Seadra will take care of
newborn Horsea. While doing so, the poison on the tips of its fins becomes
thicker and stronger than usual.
Name: Goldeen Tosakinto ( トサキント ) ( 0118 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Seaking (#0119)
Notes: Goldeen and Seaking are based on goldfish . [ 70 ] Goldeen was originally
intended to have a pre-evolution called "Gyopin", but it was cut from the game
due to a lack of cartrige space. [ 71 ] If kept in an aquarium, it will use its
horn to break out. Swimmers have to be careful in water, so that Goldeen do not
ram into them.
Name: Seaking Azumaō ( アズマオウ ) ( 0119 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: Goldeen (#0118)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Seaking is known to be able to swim against streams and up waterfalls. It
will use its horn to bore holes into rocks to lay eggs in. Fans of Seaking's
horn and fins are known to fight each other.
Name: Staryu Hitodeman ( ヒトデマン ) ( 0120 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Starmie (#0121)
Notes: It is a basic Pokémon which resembles a starfish with a mechanical center
on its body, housing a red jewel. This organ is known as its core. As long as
the jewel is unharmed, it can regenerate the rest of its body.
Name: Starmie Sutāmī ( スターミー ) ( 0121 )
Types: Water / Psychic
Evolves From: Staryu (#0120)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Starmie has a second star on its back, which is semi-attached and able to
spin around independently of the front star. Starmie has a red jewel core, which
resembles a cut precious stone and seems to shine with the seven colors of the
rainbow when looked at from different angles, but usually shows up red more than
any other color. It can also emit electrical waves from its core powerful enough
to reach the furthest parts of the universe.
Name: Mr. Mime Bariyādo ( バリヤード ) ( 0122 )
Types: Psychic / Fairy [ nb 3 ]
Evolves From: Mime Jr. (#0439)
Evolves Into: — [ nb 7 ]
Notes: Despite its name, there are female Mr. Mime. Its a skilled mime that
loves to pantomime. It can create barriers by vibrating the air with its
fingertips. If it is interrupted or its audience is unimpressed, it will slap
them with its broad hands. It has an Ice/Psychic-type Galarian form .
Name: Scyther Sutoraiku ( ストライク ) ( 0123 )
Types: Bug / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Scizor (#0212) Kleavor (#0901)
Notes: IGN and GamesRadar have praised Scyther's "cool" design. [ 72 ] [ 73 ] [
74 ] With its ninja-like movements, Scyther can create afterimages of itself. It
can slice thick logs with a single stroke. On rare occasions, it flies with its
wings. It is proud of its speed. While young, they live together deep in the
mountains, training themselves in fighting with their scythes and moving at high
speeds.
Name: Jynx Rūjura ( ルージュラ ) ( 0124 )
Types: Ice / Psychic
Evolves From: Smoochum (#0238)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Jynx has spawned controversy due to aspects of its design being similar
to blackface , leading Game Freak to change the color of its skin from black to
purple. [ 75 ] [ 76 ] [ 77 ] [ 78 ] [ 79 ] When Pokémon Yellow was rereleased on
the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console , the in-game sprite of Jynx was edited to
reflect this change. [ 79 ] Jynx's appearance is a purple humanoid with blond
hair and a dress. It can put opponents to sleep by kissing them. Jynx can
communicate with what appears to be a human-like language, though it has yet to
be deciphered, so they usually opt to communicate with dance-like movement
instead.
Name: Electabuzz Erebū ( エレブー ) ( 0125 )
Types: Electric
Evolves From: Elekid (#0239)
Evolves Into: Electivire (#0466)
Notes: Groups of Electabuzz gather near power plants or places likely to be
struck by thunder to feast on electricity. For this reason, they are often
placed in houses as lightning rods. Power plants employ the use of Ground-type
Pokémon to prevent Electabuzz from eating their energy and causing blackouts,
though they are usually the fault of the companies running them. In the dark, it
glows a whitish-blue color.
Name: Magmar Būbā ( ブーバー ) ( 0126 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: Magby (#0240)
Evolves Into: Magmortar (#0467)
Notes: While Magmar was voted the eighth best fire-type Pokémon by the Official
Nintendo Magazine readers, [ 80 ] GamesRadar had criticized its design multiple
times, noting that its forehead resembles a butt. [ 81 ] [ 82 ] Magmar are found
in and around active volcanoes. Its body temperature is 2,200 °F. It dislikes
cold places, so it blows flames to make the environment suitable for itself. Its
appearance is often obscured by the flames that cover it. It can heal and rest
itself by dipping its body into lava. In battle, Magmar blows out flames from
all over its body to intimidate its opponent. When it breathes, its temperature
rises, and when it sneezes, flames shoot out. Magmar dispatches its prey with
fire, but may accidentally burn said prey to a charred crisp.
Name: Pinsir Kairosu ( カイロス ) ( 0127 )
Types: Bug
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution
Notes: It was originally supposed to have an evolution called "Plux" in
generation II. Some speculated that this unused design was reworked into
Heracross. [ 83 ] Pinsir can use its pincers to crush, toss, bludgeon, or tear
anything up to twice its size. Captured prey is kept in place by the piercing
thorns and sheer strength of Pinsir's horns, and will not be released until they
are torn in half. If it cannot be torn in half, it tosses it around. In addition
to hunting prey, it also tends to enjoy tree sap. Pinsir live in temperate
forests or jungles, and burrow their way underground or inside trees to avoid
the cold. In Alola, it has a rivalry with Vikavolt, yet gets along with
Heracross. In other regions, however, it competes with Heracross for food.
Pinsir are known to judge each other based on their pincers, which also
determine its popularity with the opposite gender based on how thick it looks.
It gained a Mega Evolution in generation VI.
Name: Tauros Kentauros ( ケンタロス ) ( 0128 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Tauros is a wild bull Pokémon that is known for its violent nature. It
will charge at anything that moves, and it is known to be able to knock down
large trees.
Name: Magikarp Koikingu ( コイキング ) ( 0129 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Gyarados (#0130)
Notes: Magikarp is mostly useless in the games, until it evolves into Gyarados.
Magikarp is based on the common carp . [ 70 ] At level 15, Magikarp learns
Tackle. Until then, it only knows Splash and cannot be taught any other moves.
In the distant past, it was somewhat stronger than the descendants that exist
today. Despite its weakness, it is actually a hardy and fertile Pokémon that can
survive in any body of water. Its swimming muscles are weak, so it gets easily
washed away by currents, so places where water pools like seas, lakes, rivers,
and shallow puddles will have many Magikarp stuck in them. It may jump on rare
occasions, but never more than seven feet, making it easy for predators like
Pidgeotto to catch it mid-jump. In rare occasions, a Magikarp living for many
years can leap up a mountain.
Name: Gyarados Gyaradosu ( ギャラドス ) ( 0130 )
Types: Water / Flying
Evolves From: Magikarp (#0129)
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution
Notes: When Magikarp evolves into Gyarados, its brain cells undergo a structural
transformation, said to be the cause of its violent nature. Throughout history,
it would appear and burn down cities, villages, and towns in rampages lasting
around a month. There are some regions where it is called "the deity of
destruction". Despite its Flying type, Gyarados cannot actually fly. It gained a
Mega Evolution in generation VI.
Name: Lapras Rapurasu ( ラプラス ) ( 0131 )
Types: Water / Ice
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Gigantamax
Notes: Lapras have gentle hearts. Poachers drove Lapras to the point of nearextinction,
though recent protection regulations have instead made it an
overabundant species. It loves transporting people on its back, and can actually
understand human speech thanks to its high intelligence. Lapras will sing with
other Lapras as a form of communication, or by itself when happy. Lapras is
based on the Loch Ness Monster and the plesiosaur, and in early versions of Red
and Blue was named "Ness". [ 84 ] It gained a Gigantamax form in generation
VIII. Many regions in Japan have utilized Lapras' image to encourage tourism. [
85 ] [ 86 ] [ 87 ] Lapras has been well received by critics, and has appeared on
several lists of the best Pokémon of all time. [ 88 ] [ 89 ] [ 90 ]
Name: Ditto Metamon ( メタモン ) ( 0132 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Ditto can transform into anything, but its transformation will not be
perfect if it is not familiar with the target. It can transform into a rock, but
will still bounce if thrown. Ditto can also transform into a human, but will
still have its beady eyes. It can transform into a human, but will still have
its beady eyes. Helpful in breeding, Ditto can breed with any Pokémon that is
not a Legendary or Mythical Pokémon.
Name: Eevee Ībui ( イーブイ ) ( 0133 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Multiple [ nb 8 ] Gigantamax
Notes: Eevee is often considered among the "cutest" Pokémon in the franchise. [
94 ] [ 95 ] [ 96 ] [ 97 ] Due to this, Eevee is featured on various Pokémon
-related merchandise. [ 98 ] [ 99 ] [ 100 ] It is the mascot of Pokémon: Let's
Go, Eevee ! Eevee has exclusive evolution styles, where each evolution requires
special requirements to occur, resulting in 8 different Pokémon. Eevee and its
evolutions are sometimes referred to as "Eeveelutions". Eevee is mostly found in
highly populated areas like cities and towns. Its unstable genes allow it to
adapt to most habitats, and even to its trainer, to the point of eventually
adopting a face similar to theirs. In generation VIII, it gained a Gigantamax
form.
Name: Vaporeon Shawāzu ( シャワーズ ) ( 0134 )
Types: Water
Evolves From: Eevee (#0133)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Its genes and DNA are nearly identical to water, so it can melt away into
it to hide from foes or prey. If its fins begin to mutate, it means rain is
coming in a couple of hours. It has the ability to freely control water. It
evolves from Eevee using a Water Stone. [ 101 ] Vaporeon became the ambassador
for Water Day in Japan in 2023. [ 102 ] A popular internet copypasta , stating
that Vaporeon was the most sexually compatible with humans out of all Pokémon
species, became a meme among the Pokémon community. Originally posted on 4chan
in 2018, its spread was attributed to its sudden, overly detailed, unprompted
nature. Memes and fan art relating to the joke became prevalent within the
community following its original posting. [ 103 ]
Name: Jolteon Sandāsu ( サンダース ) ( 0135 )
Types: Electric
Evolves From: Eevee (#0133)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It accumulates negative ions in the air to dish out 10,000 volt
discharges. It is a moody Pokémon, easily becoming sad or angry, and its spiky
fur can be launched to pierce enemies when it bristles. Jolteon's cells emit a
low amount of electricity, which is amplified by its needle-like fur. If its
hair stands on end, it is about to discharge. The crackling sound of electricity
can be heard when it exhales.
Name: Flareon Būsutā ( ブースター ) ( 0136 )
Types: Fire
Evolves From: Eevee (#0133)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: It stores fire over 1,650 °F inside its flame sac, then releases it at
over 3,000 °F. Its fur is used to air out its body so it doesn't overheat. An
omnivore, it roasts berries and prey before eating them.
Name: Porygon Porigon ( ポリゴン ) ( 0137 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Porygon2 (#0233)
Notes: Porygon has become notorious for being featured in an episode of the
anime that caused widespread epileptic seizures in Japanese viewers. [ 104 ]
Created in 1995, it is made entirely of programming code. It can enter
cyberspace at will. People theorized it could go into outer space, though no
Porygon has managed to achieve this so far. It has no heartbeat and does not
need to eat, though it can eat if food is given. Because of this, people are
eager to test it in any environment. Porygon is copy-protected so it cannot be
duplicated. It was made with the best technology of 1995, so it has become
outdated compared to Pokémon like Genesect and Type: Null . It is still useful
in cyberspace , as it goes around making sure no suspicious data exists.
Name: Omanyte Omunaito ( オムナイト ) ( 0138 )
Types: Rock / Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Omastar (#0139)
Notes: Omanyte is an ancient Pokémon that has been regenerated from Helix
Fossils by people using modern science. If attacked by an enemy, it withdraws to
its hard shell. It can use air stored inside its shell to rise or fall in water.
Omanyte lived in ancient seas. Archeops and Carracosta have been known to prey
on it.. The fossils Omanyte have been resurrected from are excavated from areas
that were once large oceans. Because some Omanyte manage to escape after being
restored or are released into the wild by people, it is gradually becoming an
invasive species.
Name: Omastar Omusutā ( オムスター ) ( 0139 )
Types: Rock / Water
Evolves From: Omanyte (#0138)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Omastar is commonly referred to as "Lord Helix" within the community, as
a reference to Twitch Plays Pokémon , where the Pokémon was seen as a good-luck
charm. [ 105 ] Omastar uses its tentacles to capture its prey. It is believed
that it went extinct because its shell grew too large and heavy, causing its
movements to become too slow and clumsy. Once wrapped around its prey, it never
lets go as it attacks by tearing into it with the sharp beaks that ring its
mouth.
Name: Kabuto Kabuto ( カブト ) ( 0140 )
Types: Rock / Water
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Kabutops (#0141)
Notes: Kabuto is an ancient Pokémon that has been regenerated from a Dome
Fossil. However, in extremely rare cases, living examples have been discovered,
being identical to their 300 million year-old counterparts. It is said to have
inhabited ancient beaches. It protects itself using its hard shell and glowing
red eyes.
Name: Kabutops Kabutopusu ( カブトプス ) ( 0141 )
Types: Rock / Water
Evolves From: Kabuto (#0140)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Kabutops were aggressive prehistoric Pokémon that inhabited warm seas.
They swam underwater to hunt for prey in ancient times. It was apparently in the
process of evolving from being a water-dweller to living on land, as evident
from the beginnings of change in its gills and legs. The exact cause of its
extincion is unknown. It swims at speeds of roughly 29 knots, closing in on prey
and tearing at its foes with sickle-like forelegs, and drains the foe's body
fluids entirely. The discarded body parts become food for other Pokémon. In the
water, it tucks in its limbs to become more compact, then it wiggles its shell
to swim faster.
Name: Aerodactyl Putera ( プテラ ) ( 0142 )
Types: Rock / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Mega Evolution
Notes: A vicious prehistoric Pokémon, it goes for its opponents' throats with
its serrated, saw-like fangs that shred the skin of even Steel-type Pokémon. It
went extinct, but it was resurrected by taking its DNA from an Old Amber. It
flies by spreading its wings and gliding though the skies, to the point of being
referred to as their king. A widely accepted theory is that it went extinct due
to a meteor impact. Despite its strength in the air, it is weak and slow on the
ground. Even modern technology is still unable to make a truly perfect specimen.
It is based on pterodactyls and dragons or wyverns. It gained a Mega Evolution
in generation VI.
Name: Snorlax Kabigon ( カビゴン ) ( 0143 )
Types: Normal
Evolves From: Munchlax (#0446)
Evolves Into: Gigantamax
Notes: It is carefree about everything, and it will allow children to play on
its vast belly while it sleeps all day. After eating around 900 pounds of food,
it goes to sleep for a while. It is a large, obese Pokémon with a bluish-green
body and a white circle-shaped belly, white feet and face. It is said to be able
to eat nearly anything with little to no side-effects, such as thorny plants or
Muk's poison. Snorlax is commonly used as a roadblock within the games. It
gained a Gigantamax form in generation VIII.
Name: Articuno Furiizā ( フリーザー ) ( 0144 )
Types: Ice / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Articuno is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control ice. It is said to
appear to doomed people who are lost in icy mountains. It is said to be the
guardian of the skies.
Name: Zapdos Sandā ( サンダー ) ( 0145 )
Types: Electric / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Zapdos is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control electricity. It is
said to appear from the sky when a thunderstorm is approaching. It is said to be
the guardian of the skies.
Name: Moltres Faiyā ( ファイヤー ) ( 0146 )
Types: Fire / Flying
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Moltres is a legendary bird Pokémon that can control fire. It is said to
appear from the sky when a volcano erupts.
Name: Dratini Miniryū ( ミニリュウ ) ( 0147 )
Types: Dragon
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Dragonair (#0148)
Notes: A Dratini continually molts and sloughs off its old skin almost daily. It
does so because the life energy within its body steadily builds to reach
uncontrollable levels. This allows Dratini to grow longer and longer, even
reaching 6 feet in length. In some regions, boots made from the tanned cast-off
skin of Dratini are a luxury item. The small lump on a Dratini's forehead is
actually an underdeveloped horn. After a 10-hour struggle, a fisherman was
finally able to pull one up and confirm its existence. Though still weak, it
dwells near bodies of rapidly flowing water, such as the plunge pools of
waterfalls to protect it while it repeatedly sheds its skin. It eats whatever
food sinks down, and lives a quiet and happy life.
Name: Dragonair Hakuryū ( ハクリュー ) ( 0148 )
Types: Dragon
Evolves From: Dratini (#0147)
Evolves Into: Dragonite (#0149)
Notes: Dragonair can grow the wings on its head to fly, but can also fly without
them. It stores an enormous amount of energy inside its body, and can alter
weather conditions in its vicinity by discharging energy from the crystals on
its body. The lakes where Dragonair live are filled with offerings from people
and are respected by farmers. Some say that seeing a Dragonair flying around at
the start of the year is a sign that one will be healthy all year long.
Name: Dragonite Kairyū ( カイリュー ) ( 0149 )
Types: Dragon / Flying
Evolves From: Dragonair (#0148)
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Capable of circling the globe in just sixteen hours and with the
intelligence of a human, tales of this kindhearted Pokémon leading lost and
foundering ships to the safety of land are commonplace. It is said that
somewhere in the ocean lies an island where Dragonite gather. Its build lets it
freely fly over raging seas without trouble to rescue drowning people. Observing
this, a ship's captain dubbed it "the sea incarnate", and figureheads that
resemble Dragonite now decorate the bows of many ships.
Name: Mewtwo Myūtsū ( ミュウツー ) ( 0150 )
Types: Psychic
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: Two Mega Evolutions
Notes: It is a playable character in Super Smash Bros. Melee , Super Smash Bros.
for Nintendo 3DS / Wii U and Super Smash Bros. Ultimate . Mewtwo originated from
the DNA of Mew, mutated by Dr. Fuji in a lab after years of gene splicing. Even
though it has powerful psychic abilities, scientists failed to give it a
compassionate heart, and it turned vicious as a result. It rests to conserve
energy, so that it can unleash its full power in battle. In generation VI, it
gained two Mega Evolutions; one adapted for physical attacks , and one adapted
for special attacks .
Name: Mew Myū ( ミュウ ) ( 0151 )
Types: Psychic
Evolves From: —
Evolves Into: —
Notes: Mew is a mythical Pokémon that is said to contain the genetic codes of
all Pokémon. It is said to be the ancestor of all Pokémon. Mew is said to be
capable of learning every move in existence, and can make itself invisible at will.